README.md, before:

# recordingcameraredux
An update &amp; improvement to the fantastic 'RecordingCamera' mod by Graze for Lethal Company.

For manual installs:
To install, just drop 'recordingcamerareduxv1.0.0.dll' in the 'plugins' folder found in the BepInEx folder.

For mod launchers:
Just click the "install with mod manager" button on Thunderstore.

This mod keeps in tact the original control scheme, while adding in two new buttons to give you further control over the camera.

U to move forward

J to move backwards

H to move left

K to move right

Y to move down

I to move up

The new controls are:

Numpad + to speed up the speed of the camera

Numpad - to slow down the speed of the camera

To activate the camera, press the 'end' key. 
Use C to enable the ability to swap between 1st, 3rd (front & back using P) & the free camera.
Use P to toggle between player rotation & camera rotation while on the free camera.

You can also use the 'home' key to disable your HUD allowing for screenshots.

It's my hope to continue updating this mod & adding in more functionality, such as an experimental 'keyframe' feature & enabling the ability to change what keys are used for the camera in the config.
This is my first time ever modding or coding, so bare with me as I try to figure it all out.

Hope you enjoy the mod,
- Jodie.

Commit message:

v1.2.0README.md
The README File used for v1.2.0

README.md, after:

# RecordingCameraRedux
UPDATE: Version 1.2.0.
You can now edit the config to change keybinds & speeds.
You must run the game once with the mod installed for the Config file to be created. 

An update &amp; improvement to the fantastic 'RecordingCamera' mod by Graze for Lethal Company.

For manual installs:
To install, just drop 'recordingcamerareduxv1.2.0.dll' in the 'plugins' folder found in the BepInEx folder.

For mod launchers:
Just click the "install with mod manager" button on Thunderstore.

Default Controls:

U to move forward

J to move backwards

H to move left

K to move right

Y to move down

I to move up

Numpad + to speed up the speed of the camera

Numpad - to slow down the speed of the camera

To activate the camera, press the 'end' key.

Use C to enable the ability to swap between 1st, 3rd (front & back using P) & the free camera.

Use P to toggle between player rotation & camera rotation while on the free camera.

You can also use the 'home' key to disable your HUD allowing for screenshots.

This is my first time ever modding or coding, so bare with me as I try to figure it all out.
Hope you enjoy the mod,
- Jodie a.k.a. Andromeda's Identity Crisis
